DevResources.md, before:

# Awesome BitClout

Curated collection of code, tools, and resources relating to the BitClout blockchain social network.

Note: I have not utilized all of the tools here, please do your own due diligence in determining their appropriateness, security, and safety for your particular use case.

## Documentation

### API

- [HPaulson/BitClout-API-Docs](https://github.com/HPaulson/BitClout-API-Docs) - Community sourced documentation.
- [Unofficial Bitclout API](https://www.bitcloutapi.net/) - Allows one to make requests against an unofficial API for BitClout, must hold $15 in creator's coin to use.

## Tutorials
- [Setting Up a BitClout Node Using AWS EC2](https://docs.bitswap.network/setting-up-a-bitclout-node-using-aws-ec2) - Tutorial from @bitswap, @sigil, and @aryanm.

## Swift

- [lludo/BitClout](https://github.com/lludo/BitClout) - Provides a blockchain data model as well as various services and tools: NetworkClient, StorageClient, QueryManager, StateManager, etc.

## JavaScript

- Looking for resources to add here!

## Python

- Looking for resources to add here!

## Browser Extensions
- [BitClout Plus](https://github.com/iPaulPro/BitCloutPlus) - Paul Burke's browser extension that extends the BitCloud featureset. Includes sell buttons, price in BTCLT, # of holders, % coin per holder, positional ranking of holders, founders fee, and so on.
- [GoDo BitClout Extension](https://github.com/godocompany/bitclout-extension) - Similar to BitClout Plus but appears to have a more limited featureset.
- [BitClout SuperWallet](https://github.com/ZakharDay/bitclout-superwallet) - Updates one's Wallet page with current values more quickly than BitClout.com itself does.

## BitClout Accounts to Follow

These BitClout accounts are of value to those interested in the technical side of BitClout. Feel free to submit additional accounts (see Contributing at end of this doc). Only accounts which provide high value content will be included.

Note: "high value content" generally means technical content and not just product info.

- [@DiamondHands](https://bitclout.com/u/diamondhands) - Public face of BitClout team on infrastructure / development updates.
- [@maebeam](https://bitclout.com/u/maebeam) - Does a lot of heavy lifting on the BitClout code.
- [@LazyNina](https://bitclout.com/u/LazyNina) - Implemented reclouting functionality.
- [@HPaulson](https://bitclout.com/u/HPaulson) - Manages the community-sourced documentation on the BitClout API. 
- [@ludo](https://bitclout.com/u/ludo) - Has an OSS repo of Swift-based BitClout resources, does visualizations of the BitClout network.
- [Paul Burke (@paulburke)](https://bitclout.com/u/paulburke) - Author of the browser extension BitClout Plus.
- [GoDo Company (@godo)](https://bitclout.com/u/GoDo) - Authors of the GoDo BitClout Extension.
- [@zakharday](https://bitclout.com/u/zakharday) - Author of the BitClout SuperWallet extension.
- [Mubashar Iqbal (@mubashariqbal)](https://bitclout.com/u/mubashariqbal) - Author of the BitCloutFollow project.
- [@antoinedc](https://bitclout.com/u/antoinedc) - Author of the Unofficial Bitclout API and Bitclout Market Cap.

## Contributing
You can submit a link for inclusion (or to request removal, editing, etc.) in several ways:
1. Hit me up on [BitClout](https://bitclout.com/u/davemackey).
2. Submit an [Issue](https://github.com/davidshq/awesome-bitclout/issues/new).
3. Submit a Pull Request.

Commit message:

Adds link to Login with BitClout repo

DevResources.md, after:

# Awesome BitClout

Curated collection of code, tools, and resources relating to the BitClout blockchain social network.

Note: I have not utilized all of the tools here, please do your own due diligence in determining their appropriateness, security, and safety for your particular use case.

## Documentation

### API

- [HPaulson/BitClout-API-Docs](https://github.com/HPaulson/BitClout-API-Docs) - Community sourced documentation.
- [Unofficial Bitclout API](https://www.bitcloutapi.net/) - Allows one to make requests against an unofficial API for BitClout, must hold $15 in creator's coin to use.
- [Login with BitClout](https://github.com/mubashariqbal/login-with-bitclout) - Proof of concept implementation of Login with BitClout for any web application.

## Tutorials
- [Setting Up a BitClout Node Using AWS EC2](https://docs.bitswap.network/setting-up-a-bitclout-node-using-aws-ec2) - Tutorial from @bitswap, @sigil, and @aryanm.

## Swift

- [lludo/BitClout](https://github.com/lludo/BitClout) - Provides a blockchain data model as well as various services and tools: NetworkClient, StorageClient, QueryManager, StateManager, etc.

## JavaScript

- Looking for resources to add here!

## Python

- Looking for resources to add here!

## Browser Extensions
- [BitClout Plus](https://github.com/iPaulPro/BitCloutPlus) - Paul Burke's browser extension that extends the BitCloud featureset. Includes sell buttons, price in BTCLT, # of holders, % coin per holder, positional ranking of holders, founders fee, and so on.
- [GoDo BitClout Extension](https://github.com/godocompany/bitclout-extension) - Similar to BitClout Plus but appears to have a more limited featureset.
- [BitClout SuperWallet](https://github.com/ZakharDay/bitclout-superwallet) - Updates one's Wallet page with current values more quickly than BitClout.com itself does.

## BitClout Accounts to Follow

These BitClout accounts are of value to those interested in the technical side of BitClout. Feel free to submit additional accounts (see Contributing at end of this doc). Only accounts which provide high value content will be included.

Note: "high value content" generally means technical content and not just product info.

- [@DiamondHands](https://bitclout.com/u/diamondhands) - Public face of BitClout team on infrastructure / development updates.
- [@maebeam](https://bitclout.com/u/maebeam) - Does a lot of heavy lifting on the BitClout code.
- [@LazyNina](https://bitclout.com/u/LazyNina) - Implemented reclouting functionality.
- [@HPaulson](https://bitclout.com/u/HPaulson) - Manages the community-sourced documentation on the BitClout API. 
- [@ludo](https://bitclout.com/u/ludo) - Has an OSS repo of Swift-based BitClout resources, does visualizations of the BitClout network.
- [Paul Burke (@paulburke)](https://bitclout.com/u/paulburke) - Author of the browser extension BitClout Plus.
- [GoDo Company (@godo)](https://bitclout.com/u/GoDo) - Authors of the GoDo BitClout Extension.
- [@zakharday](https://bitclout.com/u/zakharday) - Author of the BitClout SuperWallet extension.
- [Mubashar Iqbal (@mubashariqbal)](https://bitclout.com/u/mubashariqbal) - Author of the BitCloutFollow project.
- [@antoinedc](https://bitclout.com/u/antoinedc) - Author of the Unofficial Bitclout API and Bitclout Market Cap.

## Contributing
You can submit a link for inclusion (or to request removal, editing, etc.) in several ways:
1. Hit me up on [BitClout](https://bitclout.com/u/davemackey).
2. Submit an [Issue](https://github.com/davidshq/awesome-bitclout/issues/new).
3. Submit a Pull Request.
