README.md, before:

# Awesome BitClout

Curated collection of resources relating to the [BitClout blockchain social network](https://bitclout.com/).

**Warning**: We are not guaranteeing the trustworthiness or security of any resources available here. You need to perform your own due diligence to ensure their suitability and trustworthiness for your particular use cases.

**Developers**: See [DevResources.md](DevResources.md)

**[Frequently Asked Questions](Frequently-Asked-Questions.md)**

**[Feature Wish List](FeatureWishList.md)**

**[Up and Coming BitClout Resources](UpAndComing.md)**

**[BitClout Timeline](BitCloutTimeline.md)**

## Official Bitclout Resources
- [BitClout](https://bitclout.com/)
- [BitClout on Twitter](https://twitter.com/bitclout_)
- [BitClout on Discord](https://discord.com/invite/bitclout)

## Beginner Resources
- [GiftClout](https://bitclout.com/u/GiftClout) 
  - Gives away free BitClout to users who request it, no strings attached.
- [Bitclout Forums](https://bitcloutforums.com/)
  - Friendly and active forums for discussing all your questions and thoughts regarding BitClout.

## Power Tools

### Analytics
- [BitClout Pulse](https://www.bitcloutpulse.com/)
  - Provides a number of useful services to BitClout users. The most basic is a searchable and sortable grid of BitClout users that shows their coin price, % change in past 24 hrs, circulating supply, # of followers on Twitter, and so on.
  - Additional features include a blockchain explorer, research articles, and a wallet explorer.
- [BitClout Creator Coin Price Calculator](https://www.prosperclout.com/tools/bitclout-creator-coin-price-calculator)
  - An easy to use tool that allows you to see how much buying / selling a given number of creator coins for a specific creator will impact their coin price, circulation, and market cap.
- [BitcloutMarketCap](https://www.bitcloutmarketcap.net/) - Allows one to see one's stats over time, must contribute any amount to creator's coin in order to be added.

### Discovery
- [BitCloutFollow](https://bitcloutfollow.com/)
  - Discover BitClout users organized by interests.

### Exchanges
- [BitSwap](https://bitswap.network/)
  - BitClout Profile: [BitSwap](https://bitclout.com/u/BitSwap)
  - Will allow individuals to buy/sell BitClout for Ethereum. This will be the first real way to cash out of BitSwap (I'm aware of).

### Browser Extensions
- [GoDo's BitClout Browser Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bitclout/cibnoimijnodokdlhkbgogbnemfpkool?hl=en-US)
  - See the founder's reward percentage on the buy page, provides shortcuts for quicker navigation around BitClout, and includes various other analysis and stats added to the site.

### Mining
- [Cloutreactor](https://cloutreactor.com/) - A mining pool client which allows multiple miners to cooperatively mine BitClout. Open source, [@korbin](https://bitclout.com/u/korbin) is one of the developers.
  - [On BitClout](https://bitclout.com/u/cloutreactor)

## Browser Extensions
- [BitClout Dark Mode](https://jamesfuthey.com/bitclout-extension/) - An extension that works on Chromium, Firefox, and Safari browsers by @kidgodzilla.
- See GoDo's BitClout Browser Extension under Power Tools.

## Mobile Apps
- [CloutFeed](https://apps.apple.com/app/id1561532815) - Apple iPhone app for BitClout.
- [CloutieApp](https://bitclout.com/u/CloutieApp) - An app for iOS and Mac, being developed by @chrismaddern and @wessmith.

## CLI Apps
- [clout-cli](https://github.com/andrewarrow/clout-cli) - CLI (Command Line Interface) app for clout.

## MacOS Apps
- See CloutieApp under Mobile Apps.

## Reward Coin Holders and/or Followers
- [Moonbounce](https://getmoonbounce.com/) - Allows one to provide exclusive benefits to your coin holders. Seems similar to Patreon / OnlyFans. Created by @Social_Money and @saeri. 

## News and Commentary
- [BitsTODAY](https://bitstoday.medium.com/) 
  - A blog that covers the BitClout ecosystem, great for staying in touch with what is happening on BitClout. 
  - Also on BitClout [@BitToday](https://bitclout.com/u/BitsToday). 
  - Run by [@asg](https://bitclout.com/u/asg), [@Nvo](https://bitclout.com/u/nvo), [@nathanmaton](https://bitclout.com/u/nathanmaton), and [@dripcult](https://bitclout.com/u/dripcult).
-  [BitClout Podcast](https://www.bitcloutpodcast.com/)
  - Already 15 episodes out (as of 4/25/21).
  - By [@bitcloutbilly](https://bitclout.com/u/bitcloutbilly)

## BitClout Accounts to Follow
- [@WhaleSharkdotPro](https://bitclout.com/u/WhaleSharkdotPro) - An early adopter of BitClout who shares wisdom on BitClout.
- [@BitCloutDrops](https://bitclout.com/u/BitCloutDrops) - Announces what they consider to be "undervalued creator coins".
- [@cloutfeed](https://bitclout.com/u/cloutfeed) - Creators of a BitClout mobile app for the Apple iPhone.

## What is BitClout?
- [BitClout's Documentation of What is BitClout?](https://docs.bitclout.com/)
- [BitClout's One Pager](https://bitclout.com/one_pager.pdf) (that is seven pages long)
  - A brief introduction / overview to BitClout and how it works.
- [coindesk's What Is BitClout?](https://www.coindesk.com/what-is-bitclout-the-social-media-experiment-stoking-controversy-on-twitter)
  - A detailed accounting of what BitClout is and how people are responding to it.
  - Alternative Sources: [TechCrunch](https://techcrunch.com/2021/03/22/crypto-social-network-bitclout-arrives-with-a-bevy-of-high-profile-investors-and-skeptics/), [coingeek](https://coingeek.com/token-based-social-media-bitclout-raising-lots-of-money-and-eyebrows/)
- [decrypt's Inside BitClout](https://decrypt.co/62770/inside-bitclout-dystopian-social-network-big-investors-vocal-critics)
  - Another detailed accounting of BitClout similar to coindesk's above. This and coindesks are really worthwhile reads.
- [BitClout's social media experiment is one bad idea on top of another](https://amycastor.com/2021/03/28/bitclouts-social-media-experiment-is-one-bad-idea-on-top-of-another/) 
  - By Amy Castor is a particularly critical look at BitClout.
- [ProductHunt's BitClout page](https://www.producthunt.com/posts/bitclout)
  - Has some interesting threads going. As of 4/5/21 BitClout has received a relatively low number of votes from ProductHunt users (<300).

## Contributing
You can submit a link for inclusion (or to request removal, editing, etc.) in several ways:

1. Hit [me](https://bitclout.com/u/davemackey) up on BitClout.
2. Submit an [Issue](https://github.com/davidshq/awesome-bitclout/issues).
3. Submit a [Pull Request](https://github.com/davidshq/awesome-bitclout/pulls).

Commit message:

Add Flick app for Android/iOS

README.md, after:

# Awesome BitClout

Curated collection of resources relating to the [BitClout blockchain social network](https://bitclout.com/).

**Warning**: We are not guaranteeing the trustworthiness or security of any resources available here. You need to perform your own due diligence to ensure their suitability and trustworthiness for your particular use cases.

**Developers**: See [DevResources.md](DevResources.md)

**[Frequently Asked Questions](Frequently-Asked-Questions.md)**

**[Feature Wish List](FeatureWishList.md)**

**[Up and Coming BitClout Resources](UpAndComing.md)**

**[BitClout Timeline](BitCloutTimeline.md)**

## Official Bitclout Resources
- [BitClout](https://bitclout.com/)
- [BitClout on Twitter](https://twitter.com/bitclout_)
- [BitClout on Discord](https://discord.com/invite/bitclout)

## Beginner Resources
- [GiftClout](https://bitclout.com/u/GiftClout) 
  - Gives away free BitClout to users who request it, no strings attached.
- [Bitclout Forums](https://bitcloutforums.com/)
  - Friendly and active forums for discussing all your questions and thoughts regarding BitClout.

## Power Tools

### Analytics
- [BitClout Pulse](https://www.bitcloutpulse.com/)
  - Provides a number of useful services to BitClout users. The most basic is a searchable and sortable grid of BitClout users that shows their coin price, % change in past 24 hrs, circulating supply, # of followers on Twitter, and so on.
  - Additional features include a blockchain explorer, research articles, and a wallet explorer.
- [BitClout Creator Coin Price Calculator](https://www.prosperclout.com/tools/bitclout-creator-coin-price-calculator)
  - An easy to use tool that allows you to see how much buying / selling a given number of creator coins for a specific creator will impact their coin price, circulation, and market cap.
- [BitcloutMarketCap](https://www.bitcloutmarketcap.net/) - Allows one to see one's stats over time, must contribute any amount to creator's coin in order to be added.

### Discovery
- [BitCloutFollow](https://bitcloutfollow.com/)
  - Discover BitClout users organized by interests.

### Exchanges
- [BitSwap](https://bitswap.network/)
  - BitClout Profile: [BitSwap](https://bitclout.com/u/BitSwap)
  - Will allow individuals to buy/sell BitClout for Ethereum. This will be the first real way to cash out of BitSwap (I'm aware of).

### Browser Extensions
- [GoDo's BitClout Browser Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bitclout/cibnoimijnodokdlhkbgogbnemfpkool?hl=en-US)
  - See the founder's reward percentage on the buy page, provides shortcuts for quicker navigation around BitClout, and includes various other analysis and stats added to the site.

### Mining
- [Cloutreactor](https://cloutreactor.com/) - A mining pool client which allows multiple miners to cooperatively mine BitClout. Open source, [@korbin](https://bitclout.com/u/korbin) is one of the developers.
  - [On BitClout](https://bitclout.com/u/cloutreactor)

## Browser Extensions
- [BitClout Dark Mode](https://jamesfuthey.com/bitclout-extension/) - An extension that works on Chromium, Firefox, and Safari browsers by @kidgodzilla.
- See GoDo's BitClout Browser Extension under Power Tools.

## Mobile Apps
- [CloutFeed](https://apps.apple.com/app/id1561532815) - Apple iPhone app for BitClout.
- [CloutieApp](https://bitclout.com/u/CloutieApp) - An app for iOS and Mac, being developed by @chrismaddern and @wessmith.
- [Flick](https://bitclout.com/u/flickapp) - iOS and Android client for BitClout. Founded by @nigeleccles and @robuk.

## CLI Apps
- [clout-cli](https://github.com/andrewarrow/clout-cli) - CLI (Command Line Interface) app for clout.

## MacOS Apps
- See CloutieApp under Mobile Apps.

## Reward Coin Holders and/or Followers
- [Moonbounce](https://getmoonbounce.com/) - Allows one to provide exclusive benefits to your coin holders. Seems similar to Patreon / OnlyFans. Created by @Social_Money and @saeri. 

## News and Commentary
- [BitsTODAY](https://bitstoday.medium.com/) 
  - A blog that covers the BitClout ecosystem, great for staying in touch with what is happening on BitClout. 
  - Also on BitClout [@BitToday](https://bitclout.com/u/BitsToday). 
  - Run by [@asg](https://bitclout.com/u/asg), [@Nvo](https://bitclout.com/u/nvo), [@nathanmaton](https://bitclout.com/u/nathanmaton), and [@dripcult](https://bitclout.com/u/dripcult).
-  [BitClout Podcast](https://www.bitcloutpodcast.com/)
  - Already 15 episodes out (as of 4/25/21).
  - By [@bitcloutbilly](https://bitclout.com/u/bitcloutbilly)

## BitClout Accounts to Follow
- [@WhaleSharkdotPro](https://bitclout.com/u/WhaleSharkdotPro) - An early adopter of BitClout who shares wisdom on BitClout.
- [@BitCloutDrops](https://bitclout.com/u/BitCloutDrops) - Announces what they consider to be "undervalued creator coins".
- [@cloutfeed](https://bitclout.com/u/cloutfeed) - Creators of a BitClout mobile app for the Apple iPhone.

## What is BitClout?
- [BitClout's Documentation of What is BitClout?](https://docs.bitclout.com/)
- [BitClout's One Pager](https://bitclout.com/one_pager.pdf) (that is seven pages long)
  - A brief introduction / overview to BitClout and how it works.
- [coindesk's What Is BitClout?](https://www.coindesk.com/what-is-bitclout-the-social-media-experiment-stoking-controversy-on-twitter)
  - A detailed accounting of what BitClout is and how people are responding to it.
  - Alternative Sources: [TechCrunch](https://techcrunch.com/2021/03/22/crypto-social-network-bitclout-arrives-with-a-bevy-of-high-profile-investors-and-skeptics/), [coingeek](https://coingeek.com/token-based-social-media-bitclout-raising-lots-of-money-and-eyebrows/)
- [decrypt's Inside BitClout](https://decrypt.co/62770/inside-bitclout-dystopian-social-network-big-investors-vocal-critics)
  - Another detailed accounting of BitClout similar to coindesk's above. This and coindesks are really worthwhile reads.
- [BitClout's social media experiment is one bad idea on top of another](https://amycastor.com/2021/03/28/bitclouts-social-media-experiment-is-one-bad-idea-on-top-of-another/) 
  - By Amy Castor is a particularly critical look at BitClout.
- [ProductHunt's BitClout page](https://www.producthunt.com/posts/bitclout)
  - Has some interesting threads going. As of 4/5/21 BitClout has received a relatively low number of votes from ProductHunt users (<300).

## Contributing
You can submit a link for inclusion (or to request removal, editing, etc.) in several ways:

1. Hit [me](https://bitclout.com/u/davemackey) up on BitClout.
2. Submit an [Issue](https://github.com/davidshq/awesome-bitclout/issues).
3. Submit a [Pull Request](https://github.com/davidshq/awesome-bitclout/pulls).
